valls
zaba days thank you all for being here today but all over France for
the grand finale of the trophy fnac on the game tekken 6 703
so the avensis not to use the 32 best players in France we wanted
all are fighting today to win for the first ps3 but china so
you see on the base the second the aï tested on three weeks
small antenna young
namco and paris
and the third a gift voucher worth 250 euros
as you could see climbing snacks you are the man of
Japanese think that an antenna
in addition to that we will start the trophy but for most know that
the activities of this ongoing ordeal with the rebels
three days earlier
yet do it from the correct performances on the
video games animations and the new technologies plate
me what I like is to really see all the young people that I will do
to share their passion
q the passion of the video game to find him to see himself physically
percent have learned calligraphy too which is the procedure that their
price their memories that leaves a good memory
and we won it was for his wife of 27 years in this piece represents
so been injured
to why here
europe experienced two sequences losing this high mountain stage i
always found it pleased me to see things like this a superb
atmosphere on board the resort
we had a great show
bordeaux - half of permanent stations 00
haha
Africa has been combed
but not the commands
different delicate flavors
it's already learned that he knew my game had remained without
stake at the stadium
we could read in the game other spectators in the dance
but it was a little stressful more so on the prospects and challenges
regional ones by the way I think the experience
in europe the reserves
the euro fell 22% to 12 05 euros in this case
for star of the ladies series